Add Spirits Unchained to the Addon Page (#235)
Slimefun/Wiki: pages/Addons.md

MiniBlocks | TheRealEzCoins | <details><summary>expand</summary>MiniBlocks is an addon focused on enhancing details within buildings by introducing small versions of blocks and items.</details> | [Readme](https://github.com/TheRealEzCoins/MiniBlocks/blob/master/README.md) | [Github](https://github.com/TheRealEzCoins/MiniBlocks) | [Builds](https://thebusybiscuit.github.io/builds/TheRealEzCoins/MiniBlocks/master/)
SlimeHUD | SchnTgaiSpock | <details><summary>expand</summary>SlimeHUD adds a WAILA display similar to WhatIsThis, but with extended funcitonality and customization.</details> | [Readme](https://github.com/SchnTgaiSpock/SlimeHUD/blob/master/README.md) | [Github](https://github.com/SchnTgaiSpock/SlimeHUD) | [Builds](https://thebusybiscuit.github.io/builds/SchnTgaiSpock/SlimeHUD/master/)

> SpiritsUnchained | JustAHuman_xD | <details><summary>expand</summary>Spirits Unchained is an addon focused on a new mechanic, Spirits! Spirits can be found roaming the wild or have a chance at getting release when killing a mob! Players can catch or bottle spirits and discover each types unique effects on its user. But be careful, spirits will not always be friendly. Spirits also has a built in guid book that you can access through the Slimefun guide if you need help using the addon!</details> | [Readme](https://github.com/JustAHuman-xD/SpiritsUnchained/blob/master/README.md) | [Github](https://github.com/JustAHuman-xD/SpiritsUnchained) | [Builds](https://thebusybiscuit.github.io/builds/JustAHuman-xD/SpiritsUnchained/master/)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
SpiritsUnchained | JustAHuman_xD | <details><summary>expand</summary>Spirits Unchained is an addon focused on a new mechanic, Spirits! Spirits can be found roaming the wild or have a chance at getting released when killing a mob! Players can catch or bottle spirits and discover each types unique effects on its user. But be careful, spirits will not always be friendly. Spirits also has a built in guide book that you can access through the Slimefun guide if you need help using the addon!</details> | [Readme](https://github.com/JustAHuman-xD/SpiritsUnchained/blob/master/README.md) | [Github](https://github.com/JustAHuman-xD/SpiritsUnchained) | [Builds](https://thebusybiscuit.github.io/builds/JustAHuman-xD/SpiritsUnchained/master/)
```

> SpiritsUnchained | JustAHuman_xD | <details><summary>expand</summary>Spirits Unchained is an addon focused on a new mechanic, Spirits! Spirits can be found roaming the wild or have a chance at getting released when killing a mob! Players can catch or bottle spirits and discover each types unique effects on its user. But be careful, spirits will not always be friendly. Spirits also has a built in guide book that you can access through the Slimefun guide if you need help using the addon!</details> | [Readme](https://github.com/JustAHuman-xD/SpiritsUnchained/blob/master/README.md) | [Github](https://github.com/JustAHuman-xD/SpiritsUnchained) | [Builds](https://thebusybiscuit.github.io/builds/JustAHuman-xD/SpiritsUnchained/master/)

Reviewer 2: Possessive missing? Perhaps types' (type's?) or spirit's

Author: Will do uno momento
